README.md, before:

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/n810vv9l1x0jolpk/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/HuntTheWumpus/huntthewumpus/branch/master)

# HuntTheWumpus


## Achivements

![Speedy](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/MG1.png) 

Finish buy arrow mini-game in less than 7 seconds. 

![Reactive](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/MG2.png) 

Finish pit or hint mini-game in less than 7 seconds. 

![Zinger](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/MG3.png) 

Finish wumpus mini-game in less than 7 seconds. 

![Precise](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Precise.png)

Score 500 point in the mini-game on the 1 lvl by drawing only 1 figure

![Sniper](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Sniper.png)

Score 500 point in the mini-game on the 3 lvl by drawing only 1 

![Explorer](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Explorer.png)

Enter all rooms of the cave

![Hamilton's descendant](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Hamilton.png)

Go through all the rooms visiting each 1 time only

![Step into the Abyss](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Step.png)

Explore 12 rooms

![Shooter](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Shooter.png)

Get 2 arrows

![Hunter](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Hunter.png)

Get 4 arrows

![Robin Hood](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Robin.png)

Get 8 arrows

## Documentaion

[Object assignment](https://github.com/hunt-the-wumpus/Docs).

Commit message:

Add about project [skip ci]

README.md, after:

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/n810vv9l1x0jolpk/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/HuntTheWumpus/huntthewumpus/branch/master)

# HuntTheWumpus

### About project
HuntTheWumpus is remake project for N_-_N by Molten Great Cleaner Shaft team. This project write on C# with use Git for control vesrion and xUnit for UnitTesting, appveyor for Continues Integration. 

## Mehaniks

### Map
Cave are 30 rooms and bridge. Every room contain <= 3 bridge. Every bridge hve 1-4 coins.

### Danger
3 dnager
* Bat. 2 Bats live in 2 rooms. If your meet bat, your and bat respawn
* Pit. Pits are 2 room. If you visit room with Pit, you mast complite the MiniGame for survival
* Wumpus. Main danger. If you visit room with wumpus, you mast complite the MiniGame. Wumpus will run away, if you will defeat him. On medium and hard Difficulty smtime wumpus walk in Cave. For win, you mast shot arrow to room, where wumpus sleep.
If you near danger, you see baner about this danger

### Player
Player can buy 2 arrows (15 coins) and Hint (25 coins). For buy, you mast complete the MiniGame. If you shot all arrows, you defaet. If you buy Hint, you can learn bats, pits and Wumpus Direction.


### Achivements

![Speedy](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/MG1.png) 

Finish buy arrow mini-game in less than 7 seconds. 

![Reactive](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/MG2.png) 

Finish pit or hint mini-game in less than 7 seconds. 

![Zinger](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/MG3.png) 

Finish wumpus mini-game in less than 7 seconds. 

![Precise](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Precise.png)

Score 500 point in the mini-game on the 1 lvl by drawing only 1 figure

![Sniper](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Sniper.png)

Score 500 point in the mini-game on the 3 lvl by drawing only 1 

![Explorer](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Explorer.png)

Enter all rooms of the cave

![Hamilton's descendant](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Hamilton.png)

Go through all the rooms visiting each 1 time only

![Step into the Abyss](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Step.png)

Explore 12 rooms

![Shooter](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Shooter.png)

Get 2 arrows

![Hunter](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Hunter.png)

Get 4 arrows

![Robin Hood](HuntTheWumpus/HuntTheWumpus/data/Achievements/Robin.png)

Get 8 arrows

## Documentaion

[Object assignment](https://github.com/hunt-the-wumpus/Docs).
